# CompGraphicandVisualization

**How do I approach designing software?**
This class brought me in on a whole new world with software design. I didn't have any previous experience with designing software, so I tried to keep my approach simple. I started off with the end scene in mind, thinking about what shapes make up the objects in the scene. From there, it was about determining how possible it was to do in the end and removing anything that wasn't realistic to add. I found lighting to be the hardest new desing skill to apply, since it could have such a heavy impact on the end result. In future work, I think I'll continue to approach my scenes by starting off wiht the end in mind and working backwards on how I can recreate it with the tools I have. 

**How do I approach developing programs?**
One strategy that helped me out a ton throughout this course was using sample code from another project and applying it to my own work. Throughout the course, I found myself going back to the sample project provided at the beginning of the course to see how the milestone for the week was applied in that instance. Iteration was also pivotal to my program devolopment. As I learned how to navigate how changes in the code would effect the scene, I made small changes, ran the program, and observed exactly what changed. This is the approach I used throughout the entire course. One thing that did change for me as the weeks went by though is that I became better adapted to knowing when I needed to change the objects within the image or the camera angle in which they were portrayed. 

**How can computer science help me in reaching my goals?**
Computational graphics and visualizations open up a whole new world in my educational pathway. I've always had an interest in learning about animation. This course really opened up that pathway by introducing me to the different pieces required to effectively create a still scene, which is half the battle. Many of the skills developed throughout this course will thankfully also apply in the animation world. In my profecssional pathway, I eventually plan to pursue a career as a software engineer. In order to be an effective software engineer, being able to create a 3d scene will undoubtedly be important. Continuing to improve these skills will put me in a better professional position overall. 
